JK Project                 10:59 AM

Sunday, September 6, 2026

Design Sight: one of Japans leading design museums.

Nanta Show: It was an immersive experience that can be enjoyed by audiences from around the world
regardless of language. It blended traditional Korean rhythms with comedy, drama, and acrobatics and it
felt like a culmination of our trip. The show is set in a busy kitchen, where chefs race against time to
prepare a wedding banquet while creating energetic percussion performances using everyday kitchen
tools such as knives, cutting boards, pots, and pans.

National museum of korea: the largest museum in korea and offers an overview of korean history, art,
and culture from ancient times to the present. The war memorial of korea explores korea's millitar
history and the impact of the korean war.

Seodaemun Prison History Hall, this experience educated and opened my eyes into Korea's
independence movement and modern history. Bulit during the Japanese Colonial period, this site, and
offers important insight into Korea's independence movement and modern Korean history. It was built
in the late era of the Daehan empiere because of pressure by the japanese. Before this it was known as
gyengseong prison. It was built with the aim of suppressing the korean patriots who were fighting to
regain national sovereignty. It is a historical building that was operated as a prison for 8 decades from
1908 through to 1987 where many independence activists were during the japanese occupation, as well
as many democratization activists during the despotic regime after liberation, were imprisoned, tortured
and died.

TeamLab borderless: This immersive digital museum was a unique experience that combined all human
senses into the design environment.

FOR CLAUDE: I am a student at oregon state university cooking up an immersive and interactive website
that visualizes my experience in seoul and korea during a faculty led cross cultural journey of art &
design. I want the website to blend photos from my experience and things I learned, with opportunities
for the viewer to learn more.
N Seoul Tower

Seoul national university campus tour & gallery visit & explore the campus and visit selected art &
design categories

                                                           Quick Notes Page 1
design categories

Han river
Starlight aurora cruise

Cheonggiwa korean BBQ

Doganitang: a rich, milky soup made by slowly simmering beef knee cartilage and bones for many hours.
Hangover soup (Haejangguk: means hangover souup, a traditional korean soup originally eaten to
recover after drinking alchol.

Japan vs south korea quick facts:
Japan is about 3.8 times larger than South Korea in land area.
Japan's population is about 123 million, compared to south Korea's 51 million.

Tokyo vs Seoul
Seoul and central tokyo are similar in size and population.
Seoul: about 9.4 million people
Central tokyo: about 9.7 million people
The greater Tokyo area has approximately 37 million people, making it one of the largest metropolitan
regions in the world.

Tokyo national museum: japan's oldest and largest museum, featuring japanese art, crafts, historical
artifacts, and design traditions

Okonomiyaki
A popular Japanese savory pancake made with cabbage, flour, eggs, and ingredients such as pork,
seafood, or vegetables. The name means grill what you like. Cooked on a large iron griddle and topped
with a sweet-savory sauce, japanese mayonnnaise, seaweed, and bonito flakes, okonomiyaki is
especially famous in Osaka and hiroshima.

Seiyoken- A landmark of Japan's modernization:
Seiyoken is one of Japan's oldest Western-style restuarants. Established during the early Meiji era, it
introduced western dining culture at a time when Japan was rapidly modernizing and engaging with
international influences.

Chicken soup: Samgyetang
A traditional korean ginseng chicken soup made with a whole young chicken stuffed with rice, garlic,
jujubes, and ginseng. It is especially popular during the summer as an energy-restoring dish.

Gyeongbokgung Palace: Korea's largest and most iconic royal palace: wearing traditional Korean clothing
called hanbok

    - It was the central palace until being heavily damaged by a fire during the Japanese invasion of
       1592. The structure was almost abandoned and left in ruin until the prince regent Heungseon
       Daewongun decided to rebuild it at the end of 19th century as a symbolic expression of the
       dynastys power.

    - The korean art of palaces, gardens and foretresses display korean aesthetics at their best. The
       offical monumental architecture of the past, complemented by its landscape design, embodiesd
       the ideology of the regime: a three dimensional textbook of the ideal relations between humans
       and society, humans and nature, and humans and power. It also offers traces of korea's unstable
       past.

Lunch at Balwoo Gongyang
Balwoo Gongyang is a Michelin recognized restaurant specializing in traditional Korean Buddhist temple
cuisine
Prompt

                                                           Quick Notes Page 2
Prompt
Design house: one of korea's leading design and lifestyle media companies. Founded in 1976, it
publishes influential magazines such as monthly design and happy plus. The company has played a
significant role in shaping contemporary korean design culture through publishing, exhibitions, design
events, and educational initiatives.
Hanok: traditional style korean housing
Nightlife:
More korea facts: A basic korean meal includes a bowl of rice or noodles, a soup and simple side dishes
Samgyetang
My favorite: Kimchi, food or medicine?
Kimchi is the king of the banchan or side dishes, and is one of the three essential elements of the basic
korean meal along with rice and soup, it is the most common side dish, and in very simple meals, it may
even be the only one. Kimchi is a true emblem of korean national heritage, with an entire museum
devoted to it in seoul. It's a cold and fermented dish that is typically vegetable based. Different kinds of
ingredients acan enter the mix depending on where its made, but a crucial aspect of its creation is that it
is usually preserved for a long time. Kimchi is traditionally fermented and stored in dok, the beautiful
earthen jars made especially for this purpose.
Fermentation provides the lactic acid that is otherwise absent from korean cuisine, which does not
traditionally include dairy products; the chili pepper, delivering 10 times more vitamin C than an orange,
offers energy and intestinal antisepsis; the fiber promotes regularity; and the spices stimulate one's
metabolism. Combined, the various ingredients are believed to protect from certain cancers and drain
the arteries, ass well as helping to manage hypertension and diabetes.
Soju: millions of bottles of soju are sold every year because it is both strong and cheap! It has become a
national drink, consumed to celebrate success, enhance joy and alleviate pain.

National Museum of Modern and Contemporary art: This philosophical experience resonated with me
personally. Damien Hirst explored the complex human experiences surrounding life, death, and beauty.

                                                           Quick Notes Page 3
